The code is an implementation for an MDP.
Which means we will have states, actions, cost/reward- and probability functions.

Since this is a model for hospital admissions, we will work with states of how many people are in each hospital specialty at each period in time. 
The actions will represent how many people will be added to what treatment pattern for each hospital specialty in the next time period.

The action will have no influence whatsoever on the transition of a patient from one treatment pattern to another.
It will only affect the effective admission into a specialty of the hospital, and not even the specific treatment pattern.

Something that does take care of that is the transition probability.

%%%%
So what will we effectively input into our program?
a -We will need to know what the maximum ADMISSION capacity per specialty is
b -We need to ask for the available capacity per period
c -The average resource utilization per treatment pattern
d -Desired utilization levels
e -Cost for deviation of desired utilization level
f -Transition probabilities for each two treatment patterns in each specialty
g -Entering probabilities for each specialty and each treatment pattern

Okay, so what do we want to see back?
1 -The expected number of admissions per period
2 -The expected number of patients served per period
3 -Expected average resource utilization per period
4 -Expected cost per period

How do we calculate each output?
-1 Not sure, we'll see once we implement it. My guess is just the average of the sum of every admission in every action in the image of the optimal policy.
-2 and 3 can be calculated using steady state probabilities
For that we need P^pi, which represents the transition probability matrix determined by stationary policy pi
However we can only create that P^pi matrix if we can figure out what the heck the convolution of multinomial distributions
are TRYING TO TELL US!!!!
-4 Obviously we can get this with the expected cost function

In all cases we will need to have the transition probability matrix.
%%%%%
What should we consider doing for the classes?

